Clarify the documentation update process (#1395)
python/devguide: documentation/devguide.rst

lives in a `separate repository`_ and bug reports should be submitted to the
`devguide GitHub tracker`_.

> Our devguide follows a continuous integration and deployment workflow, with changes published when pull requests are merged.
> CPython documentation is updated regularly, typically within a day or two, depending on the build process.
> The documentation is versioned for each CPython release, and updates are continuosly incorporated, though with some delay due the build time.
> Aditionally, each CPython release includes a corresponding version of the documentation, which may also be used by redistributors.

Reviewer: Perhaps as a shorter text?:
```suggestion
Changes to the Developer's Guide are published when pull requests are merged.

Changes to the Python documentation are published regularly,
ususally within 48 hours of the change being committed.
The documentation is also `published for each release <https://docs.python.org/release/>`_,
which may also be used by redistributors.
```

Reviewer 2: I like that; I like the clear separation between the devguide and CPython in your text.

Author: Ok, I'm going to modify it, to make it short and have a clear separation, thanks for the suggestions.

Reviewer: @miguelcsx you should be able to click the 'commit' button on the suggestion to apply it -- you can of course make further amendments should you wish!

A

Author: @AA-Turner I was thinking of something like this, to clarify the delay, do you think it's necessary?
```md
Changes to the Developer's Guide are published when pull requests are merged.
Changes to the Python documentation are published regularly, usually within 48 hours of the change being committed, though some delay may occur due to the build process.
The documentation is also published for each release <https://docs.python.org/release/>_, which may also be used by redistributors."
```

Reviewer: Personally I wouldn't say it's needed given we're using a fairly conservative figure (48 hours) for the update cycle -- the longest we've seen in practice is ~40 hours, and we've made significant progress on reducing it.

A

Author: @AA-Turner Ok, thanks for following the PR, and reviewing it, I committed your changes, again thanks a lot

lives in a `separate repository`_ and bug reports should be submitted to the
`devguide GitHub tracker`_.

Our devguide follows a continuous integration and deployment workflow, with changes published when pull requests are merged.

> CPython documentation, on the other hand, is updated daily and aligns with the CPython release workflow, with changes being included in each release.

Reviewer 2: The "aligns with the CPython release workflow" wording is pretty vague and if I didn't already know how it works, it wouldn't tell me much. The docs are versioned, in that there is a separate documentation for each CPython version, and the online documentation is updated continually (but with a delay as Hugo discussed). Each CPython release also comes with documentation, which may be used by redistributors.

Author: @hugovk @JelleZijlstra I made some changes aiming to clarify the delay and versioning at this [commit](https://github.com/python/devguide/pull/1395/commits/34dc1ce25fd13e3e0d15d8f5dd47f919e3f2bacf).
I look forward to suggestions for improvement, thank you for your support.
